Conclude `Skinning Contest #1` and add the index page (#5892)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Contests/Skinning_Contest/1/en.md

---
tags:
  - skinning
  - skinship
  - skins
---

# Skinning Contest #1

> ![Skinning Contest #1 Banner](img/banner.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Skinning Contest #1 banner](img/banner.jpg)
```

> The **Skinning Contest #1** is a free-for-all osu! skinning contest hosted by [skinship](https://skinship.xyz/ "skinship"), one of the largest skinning communities on osu!. This is the first official osu! skinning contest, and the initial iteration of Skinning Contests hosted by skinship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Skinning Contest #1** was a free-for-all osu! skinning contest hosted by [skinship](https://skinship.xyz "skinship"), one of the largest skinning communities on osu!. It was the first official osu! skinning contest, and the initial iteration of Skinning Contests hosted by skinship.
```

## Contest schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Announcement | 2021-03-08 |
| Submission phase | 2021-03-08/2021-04-08 |
| Voting phase | 2021-04-29/2021-05-13 |

> | Results | 2021-05-20 |

Reviewer 2: This is incorrect, results came out a week late. The correct date is 2021-05-27

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | 6 months of osu!supporter, unique profile badge |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 4 months of osu!supporter, unique profile badge |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 2 months of osu! supporter, unique profile badge |

## Organisation

> The Skinning Contest is run by various community members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Skinning Contest #1 was run by various community members.
```

> | Member | Responsibility |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| User | Responsibility |
```

| :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_DE] [Master-TigerKun](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10688456) | Contest planning |
| ![][flag_RO] [Matt2e2](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12144912) | Contest planning, graphic design |
| ![][flag_NL] [Roan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8214639) | Contest planning |
| ![][flag_DE] [RockRoller](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8388854) | Contest planning, submission screening, showcase preparations |
| ![][flag_GB] [tetsui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10974678) | Contest planning, showcase preparations |

> | ![][flag_PL] [watterino](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3512261) | Video editor, showcase preparations |
> | ![][flag_NL] [vvivi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10432755) | Contest planning |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_NL] [vvivi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10432755) | Contest planning |
| ![][flag_PL] [watterino](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3512261) | Video editor, showcase preparations |
```

## Links

> - [**Contest page**](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/126)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Contest page](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/126)**
```

- [Announcement newspost](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-03-08-skinning-contest-announcement)
- [Voting Open newspost](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-04-29-skinning-contest-voting-open)
- [Results Out newspost](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-05-27-skinning-contest-results)
- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1266342)
- [Submission thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1266324)

> - [Discord server](https://discord.skinship.xyz/)
> - [Official website](https://skinship.xyz/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Discord server](https://discord.gg/q8Z5JXM "Discord")
- [Official website](https://skinship.xyz "skinship")
```

Reviewer 2: Don't see the point of this one? a domain based invite is more likely to survive over time than a direct one. The discord one may change but the domain one will always lead to the server

| ![][flag_UA] [Pirasto](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6766278) | [Prinz Heinrich](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1292847) |
| ![][flag_AU] [spiefie99](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10934017) | [Glassmorphism](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1269582) |
| ![][flag_VE] [Suminoze](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5308780) | [1stTry](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1285565) |
| ![][flag_PL] [tearek\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20767121) | [Multicolor Diamond HUD](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1272664) |
| ![][flag_VN] [TKieen](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12561202) | [Randoline](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1291235) |
| ![][flag_MX] [xet](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16274977) | [Who Tao](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1281532) |
| ![][flag_PH] [Xyber Voltage](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10443089) | [FreeMod is EZ](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1269099) |
| ![][flag_MX] [ZixkyST](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11844975) | [ZixStar](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1278132) |

> ## Podium

Reviewer 2: Should maybe link the winners as there is no easy way to get to them, as their names are on the image only currently.

Maybe would also be nice to show the 3 badges in this section as well?

*For full results, see the [contest page](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/126).*

> ![Skinning Contest #1 Podium](img/podium.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](img/podium.png "Skinning Contest #1 podium")
```

> ## Rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Ruleset
```

---
tags:
  - skinning
  - skinship
  - skins
---

# Skinning Contest #1

![Skinning Contest #1 banner](img/banner.jpg)

> The **Skinning Contest #1** was a free-for-all osu! skinning contest hosted by [skinship](https://skinship.xyz "skinship"), one of the largest skinning communities on osu!. It was the first official osu! skinning contest, and the initial iteration of Skinning Contests hosted by skinship.

Reviewer 3: consistency

```suggestion
The **Skinning Contest #1** was a free-for-all osu! skinning contest hosted by [skinship](https://skinship.xyz "skinship"), one of the largest skinning communities on osu!. It was the first official osu! skinning contest, and the first iteration of Skinning Contests hosted by skinship.
```

## Contest schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Announcement | 2021-03-08 |
| Submission phase | 2021-03-08/2021-04-08 |
| Voting phase | 2021-04-29/2021-05-13 |
| Results | 2021-05-27 |

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | 6 months of osu!supporter, unique profile badge |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 4 months of osu!supporter, unique profile badge |

> | ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 2 months of osu! supporter, unique profile badge |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 2 months of osu!supporter, unique profile badge |
```

> ![Winner profile badge](img/badge-winner.png "Skinning Contest #1 Winner") ![2nd place profile badge](img/badge-2nd.png "Skinning Contest #1 2nd place") ![3rd place profile badge](img/badge-3rd.png "Skinning Contest #1 3rd place")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](img/badge-winner.png "Skinning Contest #1 winner badge") ![](img/badge-2nd.png "Skinning Contest #1 2nd place badge") ![](img/badge-3rd.png "Skinning Contest #1 3rd place badge")
```

| :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_DE] [Master-TigerKun](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10688456) | Contest planning |
| ![][flag_RO] [Matt2e2](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12144912) | Contest planning, graphic design |
| ![][flag_NL] [Roan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8214639) | Contest planning |
| ![][flag_DE] [RockRoller](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8388854) | Contest planning, submission screening, showcase preparations |
| ![][flag_GB] [tetsui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10974678) | Contest planning, showcase preparations |
| ![][flag_NL] [vvivi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10432755) | Contest planning |
| ![][flag_PL] [watterino](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3512261) | Video editor, showcase preparations |

## Links

- **[Contest page](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/126)**
- [Announcement newspost](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-03-08-skinning-contest-announcement)
- [Voting Open newspost](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-04-29-skinning-contest-voting-open)
- [Results Out newspost](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-05-27-skinning-contest-results)
- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1266342)
- [Submission thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1266324)

> - [Discord server](https://discord.gg/q8Z5JXM "Discord")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Discord server](https://discord.skinship.xyz "skinship")
```
